OK. Then we'll wait for you outside.
Do you want to ask someone first? I came here today to give you a phone call
Think about what is left before committing the crime.
But I didn't expect it. The eyes that are obsessed with each other are really full of their own relationship.
Accept mistakes. I'm telling you, don't be too proud.
I don't care what method you used to make me pay so much attention to you.
But if you want to be in the old circle, you don’t have the capital.
You can never turn over. Capital capital cannot control the fetus.
Silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence
Silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence, silence